TODO LIST:
1. Code the classes - including API
2. Test plugin
3. Do bugfixing
4. Repeat 2 and 3 until it works
5. Open to public as beta testing
6. Do bugfixing and perfection
7. Repair major errors
8. Ask for suggestions
9. Add suggestions
10. Repeat 1 - 10 until no more suggestions


Add more things here later that are more specific as to what is left in the plugin to code.

Things remaining (that I can think of):

Block protection - Making sure only in game players can edit the arena while it is in game, and arena cannot be edited in any state other than edit (or in game by players in the game)
Reload & restart protection - save inventories, kick out players, save locations, etc.
API methods - creating minigames and a bunch of other things
Minigame creation - add methods to make new minigame types - use enum?
Kit/Class selection - in lobby selection of classes (if minigame has this enabled) - sign listener thing mcjiggy
Configuration options - add options that make plugin more controllable
Statistics tracker - tracks wins, losses, kills (if applicable), currency (if applicab;le, global or per minigame), and other things - per minigame (maybe add per arena function)
Format code to make it nicer, including adding comments
plugin.yml - Add commands & permissions as they are made, add other info as necessary
Walls - add support for setting wall coords (ignoring y bc it will take up the whole y coord - 0 thru 256) and walls to be indestructible

Stuff left to get the plugin working:

Finish minigame class - add methods and stuff
Add minigame creation conversation
Finish up arena configuration
Finish up minigame configuration
Make arena compatible with configuration
Make minigame compatible with configuration
Make MiniGameManager class to control all minigames
Give arena a minigame
Do block protection
Make sure plugin yaml works - including version
Make API compatible with version
Do lobbys with signs & sign listeners
Fix Teams - rename class to MGTeam, make sure to do colored nametages - optional
Fix kits - make sure they are created (VIA both mg yml and arena yml) and can be given to players - make sure to save inventories
Give kits and teams to players in arenas
Make sure scoreboards work with objectives like lives & stuff
Make sure the game works with alternate endings, like out of lives
---I can't think of anything else, if you can add it---
